Some small changes (#1955)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/foundation/action-on-dependent-identifications-functions.lagda.md

# The action on dependent identifications of functions

```agda
module foundation.action-on-dependent-identifications-functions where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import foundation-core.dependent-identifications
open import foundation-core.identity-types
```

</details>

## Idea

Given a type family `B : A → UU l` and an
[identification](foundation-core.identity-types.md) `p : x ＝ y` in `A`, a
function `f : (x : A) → (u : B x) → C` maps a
[dependent-identification](foundation-core.dependent-identifications.md)
`q : dependent-identification B p u v` to an identification
`adp : (f x u) ＝ (f y v)` in `C`.

## Definition

> ### Functorial action of functions on dependent identity types

Reviewer: Since there is no functoriality involved here, and the function `f` is actually a family of functions `B x → C` I'd suggest the following rewording:

```suggestion
### The action of families of functions on dependent identifications
```

Reviewer 2: Hi! 
This module already exists with a slightly different name: 
https://unimath.github.io/agda-unimath/foundation.action-on-identifications-dependent-functions.html

But maybe the prose might be fixed _there_?

Reviewer: > Hi! This module already exists with a slightly different name: https://unimath.github.io/agda-unimath/foundation.action-on-identifications-dependent-functions.html
> 
> But maybe the prose might be fixed _there_?

That module does something slightly different: It defines the action on (ordinary) identifications of dependent functions. This module defines the action on dependent identifications of families of maps.

My comment about functoriality was actually inaccurate, and @space3time1 was correct in using it in this context: We use the word functoriality in all the files about the action on identifications in this same sense. I just had forgotten about it.

Reviewer 2: > That module does something slightly different: It defines the action on (ordinary) identifications of dependent functions. This module defines the action on dependent identifications of families of maps.
> 

Oh!. Indeed. I read to fast.
Sorry @space3time1, don't mind my comment.
